Transcript
Connor McCormick: We have these programmable edges called negations.
Connor McCormick: We want to use an edge type that when a goes up, it means r When a and b go up, it means r goes down, right?
Connor McCormick: So there's this zero sum kind of competition with a negation.
Connor McCormick: we never actually talked about why we want that with negations.
Connor McCormick: and maybe that's worth mentioning.
Connor McCormick: but higher level the underlining reason for this data structure is we're trying to create a governance surface where people who are known for their ability to be falsified end up having more quote unquote political power.
Connor McCormick: or in this system we call it signal than people who don't.
Connor McCormick: So that's our kind of terminal goal that we're trying to engineer for.
Connor McCormick: And all of these data structures that are sitting underneath it are just ways to encode that.
Connor McCormick: Maybe the only other constraint that we have is we want money to be able to have an influence in this game.
Connor McCormick: so it's people's speech coupled with money.
Connor McCormick: that's exactly right.
Spencer Graham: And the desire there is less of a baseline desire for money to be involved and…
Spencer Graham: more just like a recognition that it's going to be involved in some way no matter what we do.
Spencer Graham: So, we might as well design for it in game.
Spencer Graham: Is that right?
Spencer Graham: Yeah.
Connor McCormick: Yeah.
Connor McCormick: Is that we treat it it's like gravity.
Connor McCormick: we might not like gravity affecting our planes and our rocket ships taking off but if we were engineers that tried to ignore it then we definitely wouldn't be successful in the design of an airplane or of a rocket ship.
Connor McCormick: so money we're accepting this law that money influences politics and then we're saying okay can we accept that and nonetheless get a system where falsifiability grants additional power or I think we have it stated here where power necessitates some degree of falsifiability.
Connor McCormick: And if we teleport briefly in our mind's eye to a world where we have that property, then what that looks like is just naturally the decisions that end up with lots of influence in this political game, this political environment are the ones where there are lots of people that support it who have also said how they could change their mind.
